Saturday 5/9: leave, meet foundation layer from Florida, delayed in
ORD bathroom fixed, fly to Tokyo, but land in SEATAC because of
medical emergency, met Shing on flight, he's goint to TPE as well, so
we try to figure it out together and hang out for a while. EVA air
opens at 10, realize I need more paperwork get in end of line that
took 6 hours to clear, meet guy from marines, and an old player for
SRC. 

Sunday 5/10: sleep on plane

Monday 5/11: Andy picks up at TPE w/ Uncle, put stuff into day bag and
get on Train to Hualien??? with his aunt. Get there and raining, take
bus to bike area, still raining so get a taxi back to hotel, crazy
nice, right on the ocean front, amazing brunch thing. We walk down to visitor center and
just hang out until we take a bus into town. We walked around for
awhile trying out Mochi samples, we eventually sat down for some
noodles, we also got some Taiwan beer (very light), and some delicious 
snow ice. I know I went to bed at 7, I was super tired. 
The garbage trucks sound like ice cream trucks so people will 
bring out there trash.

Tuesday 5/12: Hsuia-Sheng arrives, 75th generation descendant of
Confuscius, disinherited for following beliefs about a sovereign
Taiwan. We eat a crazy breakfast, and then take a bus into town, we
try figuring out what to do, bus or car, can't really decide, then
eventually just get some bikes and go. We bike to Liyu Lake, it's 10
miles there and 10 miles back, some of the flattest biking I've ever
done and very beautiful country side. The lake was pretty cool, but
fairly small in my opinion to be seen as a cultural landmark. When
were heading back Hsuia-Sheng was tired so Andy's aunt and she got a
ride from a passing driver back to town, that allowed Andy and I to
bike back faster, and we had a pretty good time.

Wednesday 5/13: Tour bus to Taroko Gorge. I went to bed at 7, I was
super tired, Andy graciously grabbed me some dinner, I ate it and fell
right back asleep.

Thursday 5/14: Hike Old-Jhuilu Trail, go back to Hualien and then train to
Taipei and then Night market with Andy's Aunt and small celebration in
street. Then end up at Andy's Grandpa's place.

Friday 5/15: Film commercial for Aunt's cool invention that combines
wheelchair with bike. Night market with Hsuia-Sheng and walk to Taipei
101 and go to some book store thing. Watch a little TV because
home-sick slightly, ankle's very red.

Saturday 5/16: Bike around with family to lunch at NTU, get tour of
the campus, ride to an electronic sales outlet, Chang-Kai-Sek memorial
hall, learn how to play Chinese Chess, and a 5-player Euchre game. Get
some great spicy beef noodles (nyo-mien) and mango shaved ice.

Sunday 5/17: Get up early and go to Hsuia-Sheng's uncle's place in
Tainan (4 hour bus) with Andy, Hsuia-Sheng and Andy's cousin Tzu Ning. It was a
pleasant bus ride. Once we got to Hsuia-Sheng's uncle's place we were
fed well and then went to his massage parlor that had a couple of
empty floors above it which we ended up sleeping in, it was kind of
cool, they were basically mats in the middle of this abandonded floor
in a random building. After dropping our stuff off there we set out
around the city visiting an old Confuscius school and some fort that
the Dutch erected during their brief colonization of Taiwan. Some of
the buildings were quite exquisite, and a band actually started
playing outside one of them. I felt like we walked for quite a long
time before Hsuia-Sheng's uncle picked us back up. I was quite tired,
but we actually ended up singing Karaoke at her Uncle's place.
One of the best parts was when they were singing a song from the
Titanic and the background video was basically a soft-core porno. 

Monday 5/18: We woke up sweating, it was quite balmy in the upper
floors of the massage parlor. Once we had fully woken we were whisked
to a quick breakfast of boiled meat and rice, then dropped our bags
off at her uncle's place and started roaming the streets again. We
visited a cool Banyan tree house and another ancient fort. We had a
lot more great food, including oyster dishes and some sort of
soy-based desert. It felt like we just kept on eating, because when we
went back we played some more card games and then Hsuia-Sheng cooked
for us, it was quite delicious. We finally got on a train to
Kaohsiung, and arrived at a pretty nice hotel. Andy was pretty upset
about his dad being over inquisitive after I proposed going to Kenting
because Catherine was there. We also played a game called Gong Zhu. I
also learned "lee yua nguyen ediar", which means leave me alone. 

Tuesday 5/19: We arose in a lovely air conditioned room that felt like
a pleasant change from the previous night's warm excursion. After a
slow start we grabbed a quick continental breakfast in the upper floor
of the hotel and then we were off. We went to a pleasant art exhibit
that Catherine recommended, it was really interesting. A lot of the
exhibits were put together by the students and they seemed very
professional in their design and execution. There was even a section
with possible inventions, these seemed fairly innovative if a bit far
fetched. We then walked around for quite awhile, which got me used to
my full pack's load. We ended up eating at the Taiwanese McDonald's
called "Dan Dan Hanbao". It was far better than McDonald's. We then
walked around some more and ended up passing throug a long tunnel
through the mountain on the east side of the city. On the other side
we reached the university. It was very beautiful, reminding me of
coastal colleges in the states. We went to the beach and lounged
around for a while, before strolling back towards campus to meet
Andy's cousin, Yu Shuen. She was very quiet and proceeded to walk us
around the beautiful campus, before I knew it we were at the top of
the mountain, hiking up steep trails. Once we got to the top we walked
laterally for awhile and actualy came upon a family of monkeys that
seemed quite used to the human appearance while still being cautious
and retreating to the trees. On a similar note, there were a fair
amount of stray dogs lingering about campus, far more than in other
cities I have seen, perhaps due to the presence of the college
students? After our long, hot walk, we stopped in a quaint little
restaurant wher I once again partook of the glory that is "Nyo Mien" beef
noodle soup, oh man it was good! After that we walked back to the
train station and got on an express train back to Taipei for around
$40 USD, and it took ~2 hours in comparison to the 4 hour bus and 1
hour train ride which cost $8 and $3 respectively, all very reasonably
priced to traverse the entirety of this lovely island country.

Wednesday 5/20: Rain day 

Thursday 5/21:Bike ride to Tamsui & Andy's Mom's side dinner

Friday 5/22: Narrating Andy's Dad's side dinner

Saturday 5/23: Flights, and hostel stay

Sunday 5/24: Intentionally got lost, stopped in a library for WiFi, got
told off in Japanese ( no idea why),  ended up finding where I was
going, explored some museums, talked to a Korean journalist about
Hemingway and proofread a book he was writing when he was a journalist
in Afghanistan, and randomly ordered food at a sushi bar 

Monday 5/25: Akihabara!, 47 ronin, Yoyogi, Golden Gai

Tuesday 5/26: Imperial palace, Hamarikyu, Chun Shui bubble tea,
		Hakone, meet Karl and Dyon, hang out and program and chat.

Wednesday 5/27: 12 mile hike. Lots of road, then beautiful stone path.
Slippery steps and Hakone shrine. Ate up at hostel again with Karl.

Thursday 5/28: Rode bus down to lake, took pirate cruise, rowed & went
back to Tokyo. Very tired when got back. New capsule, less private,
	 many more people because in Shinjuku

Friday 5/29: Very relaxing day. Went to Shinjuku-Gyoen garden and
walked and read; realizing that this is my vacation and I don't have
to run around like a chicken with my head cut off. I just walked
around looking at flowers and reading Asano's book. It was pretty
good even though it was riddled with mistakes, but at points it was
very poignant and evocative. I also did a fair amount of planning for
my trip before getting some sort of dumpling soup thing for dinner.

