---
layout: post
title: Hualien & The Taroko Gorge
category: travel
image: rtw/taiwan/taroko-gorge.jpg
---

## Biking in Hualien

After getting plenty of sleep to counter my jet-lag, I awoke for my
second day in Taiwan and was introduced to the newest member of our
entourage, a friend of Andy's cousin. Her name was Hsuia-Sheng, and
was a very outspoken woman. She was apparently a 75th generation
descendant of Confuscius, bearing his last name. She had also been
disinherited by her parents for following her beliefs for a sovereign
Taiwan. After a very pleasant breakfast, we went into town and rented
some bikes to bike to a well know area 10 miles away, called Liyu Lake. 
On our ride we got some great Taiwanese baked roll caled Bolo, that
melted in my mouth and had a very pleasing buttery and sugary taste.
The scenery that we biked over was pleasingly flat and simultaneously beautiful.

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/hualien-bike.jpg' caption='Mysterious mountains form the backdrop of our pleasant bike trip' %}

After a while, Hsuia-Sheng started falling behind, so Andy's aunt fell
back to keep pace with her while we continued on to the lake. When we
reached it I was surprised that it was seen as a cultural landmark. By
midwestern standards, it would be considered a rather small lake,
nonetheless it was beautiful.

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/liyu-lake.jpg' caption='The beautiful, but small Liyu Lake' %}

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/liyu-mike-andy.jpg' caption='We were in pretty good spirits upon reaching the lake' %}

Once Hsuia-Sheng and Andy's aunt joined us we walked around for awhile
and then started to head back. Hsuia-Sheng said that she couldn't make
it back, so much to my surprise she and Andy's aunt jumped in a
passing truck that had pulled over for them and told us to meet them
at the bike shop. Apparently, the guy that picked them up was very
friendly and actually gave them food along with the lift.


## Touring Taroko

## Hiking Taroko
