---
layout: post
title: Taipei
category: travel
image: rtw/taiwan/taipei.jpg
---

The observant reader may have noticed that I skipped a couple of days
in my last blog entry, that is because I'm trying to group my accounts
in a manner that seems sensible, and grouping by city seems to be a
good way of doing things right now. So, I'll discuss what I did before
I left for Tainan and then I'll wrap up my entries about Taiwan by
talking about what I did after Tainan.

## Before Tainan (5/15 - 5/16)

Much to my enjoyment I was told upon waking up that we were going to
help Andy's aunt shoot a commercial for an invention that she had
created in her free time -- a bike that could attach to a wheelchair and
thus help issues with transporting wheelchair bound dependents. I had
never filmed a commercial before, but had a blast talking with the
camera man and helping in the small facilities in which I was able. We
recorded one section outside of Andy's grandparents apartment, and
another in the park a bicycle ride away from their apartment. We had
an admittedly interesting time trying to stage an effective platform
from which to highlight the various ingenuities of Andy's aunt's
design.

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/bike.jpg' caption='Behind the Scenes Footage of Commercial Production' %}

After we were done filming, Andy and I headed towards the city center
to meet up with Hsuia-Sheng. We walked around for awhile, talking, and
eventually made it to some large store which we perused for awhile. We
parted ways while Andy and I went to Taipei 101.


{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/andy-hs-duck.jpg' caption='Exploring Taiwan with Andy and Hsuia-Sheng' %}

The view wasn't as great as I was hoping for, (especially since the
windows didn't seem to have been cleaned for the past couple of
weeks), but the city did look quite resplendent from that height. We
eventually made our way down from the tower and met back up with
Hsuia-Sheng, going to a night market and enjoying the local street
food of Taiwan.

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/taipei-101.jpg' caption='The View from the top of Taipei 101' %}

The next morning, all of Andy's family and I biked around NTU's
campus, which both Andy's mom and his grandfather had attended.
Apparently it is the premiere university in Taiwan and bestowed both
his mother and grandfather with corresponding esteem. The NTU campus
was great, and we actually were privy to a small college performance
being put on by a small school group. Then we had a really
extraordinary lunch at a restaurant on campus. There were all sorts of
food with varying tastes but equitable deliciousness. After lunch, we
biked around the campus with Andy's cousin, Yu Shuen and his aunt with
them highlighting various aspects of the beautiful campus.

After getting some delicious ice-cream, Yu Shuen headed back off to
her classes at a nearby college, and Andy's Aunt escorted us to a huge
electronic sales outlet, where I was able to snag a RGB-strip for
about $2. It was pretty wild, there was a definite plethora of various
electrical gizmos and gadgets abounding in this 5-6 story building.

Later, Andy and I made our way to the Chang-Kai-Sek memorial hall and
were educated about the Taiwanese leader and saw some pretty
magnificent architecture. We eventually returned to Andy's
grandparent's house.

While there, I learned how to play Chinese Chess, which is really
rather interesting. It resembles normal chess in many respects, except
it enforces some more restrictions on the movements of the king and
there are a few extra pieces, like the cannon, which has to shoot over
one piece to make an attack. This led to me having to create an
entirely new strategy. After a couple of early and lucky wins against
Andy we started having some great games, with him usually taking the
lead. In addition to the amazing new chess-like game, I was taught a
sort of 5-player euchre game, which we all enjoyed heartily.

For dinner, Andy, his aunt, and I all went to a nearby beef noodle
restaurant for an especially delicious bowl of beef noodles and my
first attempt at eating pig intestines. They had a very distinctly
rich taste and were actually quite tasty after you got over the
reality of what you were eating.

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/bn-pi.jpg' caption='Spicy beef noodles and pig intestines' %}

## After Tainan (5/20 - 5/22)

After getting back from Tainan, Andy and I encountered some rain the
next day. Not letting it deter us from enjoying this incredible city
we took some public transport to the Taiwanese museum to get a good
look at some Taiwanese and Chinese national treasures.

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/taipei-museum.jpg' caption='Taking some liberties with my photography at the Taiwanese museum' %}

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/tamsui.jpg' caption='A relaxing lunch on the docks of Tamsui' %}

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/tamsui-beach.jpg' caption='Andy enjoying the beach in Tamsui' %}

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/taipei-bbq.jpg' caption='An extravagant bbq that I attended on Andy\'s Mom\'s side of the family' %}

{% include figure.html url='/assets/img/rtw/taiwan/taipei-cards.jpg' caption='Our last night in Taiwan, playing cards with our magnificent hosts' %}
