---
layout: post
title: Preparation
category: personal
---

I had always wanted to take a long trip to countries that I hadn't
been to before, so when the chance arose in the form of the Summer
between my college graduation and the start of my work, I grabbed it.
As soon as I decided that I wanted to do it, the hard part started I
had to prepare to spend two and a half months living out of a bag in
countries which I either didn't know or barely knew the language.

Traveling is great, but it usually requires a destination... and I
didn't have one yet. I thought about a lot of my friends who were
planning on going to Europe and others that were only going different
places for a week or two, but I really wanted to immerse myself in a
foreign environment, and I was lucky enough to have a friend that had
been planning to go back to visit his family in Taiwan, Andy Lin. When
I asked Andy if he'd want to go to Taiwan for a little while he gladly
responded to my inquiry and his familiarity with the location really
helped put me at ease that this would be a great place to start my
vacation. Andy was working, and could only stay in Taiwan for 2 weeks,
so I had to decide what to do afterwards. I figured 2 weeks would be
good enough in Taiwan, and then I started looking around at flights
with the great website [google flights](google.com/flights). This
helped immensely in finding cheap and useful routes. I ended up
deciding to go from Taiwan to Japan because I had always been
interested in the culture there, and then from Japan to South Korea
because my friend Dollar was working there and said I could sleep at
his place. From South Korea, I booked a flight to China because I had
a fair amount of friends from China and had always been interested in
the area, I had even listened to some Pimsleur audio lessons in
Mandarin a couple years back. From there I booked a flight to Nepal,
then India, then Brussels, then back home. 

While planning my trip a big consideration was how long I wanted to 
stay in certain places, did I just want to get a cursory glance or be 
able to take a good long look. I tried to stay a week or two in a 
couple of my main stays, and decided to stay in China for a month 
because of the size of the country and the multitude of attractions 
that it offered. So, after deciding where and when I was going I had
to prepare myself to be on my own for that long period of time.

After reading a couple of very useful blogs and websites detailing
other people's adventures doing similar trips I got a better idea of
what I'd need to do to prepare. These blogs included: 

* [Backpackin China](backpackinchina.com)
* [???](???.com)

So, clothing was a big deal, since I wanted to pack light I couldn't
take many pairs of clothes, so I needed something that could be washed
regularly, dry quickly stand up to 70 days of intense use and
hopefully cover my extremeties from mosquitoes and the like.

### Pants

I ended up deciding to get the REI adventure pants due to their
combination of affordabily and usefulness. They were quick drying and
under $50. I got 2 pair.

### Shirts

I got 2 UnderArmour travel shirts???

### Feet

When looking for shoes I was
considering several different features including cost, weight,
breatability, and water resistance. Since the weather in Asia in
Summer is quite humid and warm, I decided that breathability was key.
I got Merell Moab Ventilators, which provided a lot of support while
still retaining some breathability. The ventilators were a pretty
great shoe for less than $100, but my feet had to conform to their
lack of arch support and was a little painful for the first week of
use. I also got a couple pairs of extra-lite Merino wool socks to help
keep my feet dry in the humid environment. In hindsight, I think
tennis shoes would have been just fine.
